Rewrite OpenSCAP (#2173)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_running-a-security-compliance-scan-on-demand.adoc

[id="running-a-security-compliance-scan-on-demand_{context}"]
= Running a Security Compliance Scan on Demand

> Hosts perform OpenSCAP scans regularly by the Cron schedule defined in the hosts' assigned compliance policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hosts perform OpenSCAP scans regularly by the Cron schedule defined in the assigned compliance policies of the hosts.
```

However, you can also run a scan on a host for all configured compliance policies manually any time.

.Prerequisites

> * Your user account has the `view_hosts`, `create_job_invocations` and `view_job_invocations` permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your user account has the `view_hosts`, `create_job_invocations`, and `view_job_invocations` permissions.
```

* You have created a compliance policy and deployed it on the host.
** For more information about managing policies, see xref:Managing_Compliance_Policies_{context}[].
** For more information about deploying policies, see xref:deploying-compliance-policies_{context}[].

.Procedure
. Navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.
. Click the hostname of the required host.
. On the host details page, expand the *Schedule a job* dropdown menu.
. Select *Run OpenSCAP scan*.

.Verification
. In the host details overview, locate the *Recent jobs* card.
. Select the *Running* tab.
Unless the job has already finished, the table shows a job called *Run scan for all OpenSCAP policies*.
. On the *Recent jobs* card, select the *Finished* tab.

> . If the job has finished with a success, you should see the *succeeded* status in the row of the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the job has finished successfully, you can see the *succeeded* status in the row of the job.
```

I am unsure about "should > can".
